linux-script/README.md, before:

# 🐧 Linux Scripts Collection

This repository contains a collection of useful scripts for **Linux** systems.  
The main goal of these scripts is to simplify system administration, automate daily tasks, and improve productivity for both sysadmins and developers.  

---

## 📂 Available Scripts

Each script is designed for a specific purpose and can be executed independently:

- **backup.sh** → Automatically backup important files and directories  
- **update-system.sh** → Update the operating system and installed packages to the latest version  
- **monitor.sh** → Monitor system resources (CPU, RAM, Disk, Network)  
- **cleanup.sh** → Clean up temporary files and free up disk space  
- **user-manager.sh** → Manage users (create, delete, reset passwords)  

---

## 🚀 Usage & ⚙️ Prerequisites

### Prerequisites
- A **Linux** system (tested on Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, Fedora, and other major distros)  
- Access to a **terminal**  
- Some scripts may require **root / sudo** privileges  

### How to Use
1. Clone the repository:  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/moghadassi/linux-scripts.git
   cd linux-scripts


2. Make the script executable:
```bash 
chmod +x script-name.sh

```

3. Run the script:
```bash
./script-name.sh
# or with sudo if required
sudo ./script-name.sh

Commit message:

update code and add sudo to run code script

linux-script/README.md, after:

# 🐧 Linux Scripts Collection

This repository contains a collection of useful scripts for **Linux** systems.  
The main goal of these scripts is to simplify system administration, automate daily tasks, and improve productivity for both sysadmins and developers.  

---

## 📂 Available Scripts

Each script is designed for a specific purpose and can be executed independently:

- **backup.sh** → Automatically backup important files and directories  
- **update-system.sh** → Update the operating system and installed packages to the latest version  
- **monitor.sh** → Monitor system resources (CPU, RAM, Disk, Network)  
- **cleanup.sh** → Clean up temporary files and free up disk space  
- **user-manager.sh** → Manage users (create, delete, reset passwords)  

---

## 🚀 Usage & ⚙️ Prerequisites

### Prerequisites
- A **Linux** system (tested on Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, Fedora, and other major distros)  
- Access to a **terminal**  
- Some scripts may require **root / sudo** privileges  

### How to Use
1. Clone the repository:  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/moghadassi/linux-scripts.git
   cd linux-scripts


2. Make the script executable:
```bash 
chmod +x script-name.sh

```

3. Run the script:
```bash
./script-name.sh


ℹ️ If the script requires administrator privileges, run it with sudo:
```bash
sudo ./script-name.sh
